Meeting Minutes 09_14_2014

Started the call with Bonnie, Ed, and David.  Later Anupam and Drazen joined.

Question:  Are we planning to follow guidelines in the JP3D spec for the file format?  
     Or are we just going to make our own?

Question:  What types of data will be support?  We might start with metrology data, rather than an 
       image acquisition system, that could be floats or doubles.  We have been using 8 bit integer
	   pixel values for testing, but would we want 32 bit integers?  Let's itemize the supported
	   combinations.

We discussed some architectural issues that will come up later, like the implications of tiling, and
the fact that we want as many operations to take place on data, rather than cycling through them again.
For now it is simple, but we may add design documents after we get the initial chain working.

	   
Status:
    Bonnie:
		Checked in cpu thresholding and uniform and log quantization.  There is a bug in the log
		version that turns some bright values to black.  When this is found, will go to GPU implementation.		 
	Ed: 
		Implemented Huffman encoding and run length encoding.  Will continue onto defining a file format.
	David: 
		Implemented Lloyd's algorithm and is checking against Matlab.  Will consider the implications of 
		adding a codebook and will discuss at next meeting.

Action Items:
	Ed: 
		Will convert the task list to text which will be more compatible with the repository than a binary file.
	Bonnie:
		Will incorporate some performance enhancements suggested by Ed. Will check in .sln and .vxproj files
		for Visual Studio with Nsight development on Windows.
	Anupam will setup Github account, and connect with Sergio about finding a volumetric application.

Coordination policies:
	.gitignore is set in a directory to prevent checkins of certain types.  We can add a LargeImages directory
	that Ed will add to .gitignore.  Bonnie will add MSVC generated filenames to avoid checking those it.

	